TODO.md, before:

# Unsorted

# Sorted

- Change min and max to not just make sense in the context of a question (as we want to add them to the breed page)
- Add min and max to the tooltips on the breed page.
- Add something that explains what high and low are in the tooltip
- Add card stack and animation to hero
- Add learn more to about
- `/n ` should be `/n`
- Add a Conversion event for completing the quiz, and donating and maybe some other things
- Make open source
- Set up adverts
- Share on socials
- Mobile: “Most popular dogs this week” > change so it just shows the dog card + you can flick across to see the most popular dogs one at a time Add the little circles underneath so you can see how many there are. Remove the main dog
- Desktop: Results page: Add 1st 2nd 3rd rosettes to the dog cards once flipped over (not needed for mobile version, probably will look too cluttered)
- Desktop: Results page: Add “Click the card to learn more” to the dog cards (See new Figma design) (only on results page)
- Add filters to dog directory
- Mobile: Visual, Dogs seem to load slowly?
- Desktop: Dog directory: Add viewing options for 12/50/100 dogs
- Add image options to dog directory
- Add sort option to dog directory
- Add option for large dog images on dog directory
- Add list option to dog directory
- Add confetti to results page
- Add 3d hover effect to the reveal cards
- Clicking dogmatch quiz when on results should probably reset it
- It's not clear that you can edit your answers or how to do that
- For Vocal question. Could be phrased like (how much noise can you put up with)
- Add 'swoop' to tournament images
- Mobile: Consider numbering the questions? (See new Figma design)
- Add arrows to quiz navigation buttons (and breeds pagination buttons)
- Add mobile nav menu
- Undo button for visual quiz if you select wrongly
- Add some photos to accompany the multi choice questions
- Add image scroll buttons to dog card
- Add enter to search to go to directory
- Add pagination to weekly dogs
- Add short name and long name, fix the names we broke recently by making them shorter
- Update generic page design (T&Cs PP), based on the one in the Figma (add the same blue background strip + pawprint (to match the dog pages))
- Search button on breeds page is too light and small (Lien)
- Mobile: dog page: Split up the boxes more (see Figma)
- Desktop: Dog page: Can we have a swiping animation when you click the arrow to see more dogs?
- Mobile: Dog page: You may also like: should swipe across to see more dogs (not just by clicking the circles)
- Add 'qualities you value most' and 'favourite dog looks' to results page
- Implement key contributors to score in the dog row (currently shows characteristics)

# Ideas

- Add something to explain what the groups are in the tooltip
- Add a labradoodle
- Could do visuals based on lest favourite
- Add data on the price of the dog
- Add an item for how smelly the dog is
- Should have a section on the difficulties of the dog. Some of the key considerations and issues and warnings
- What's the point in doing this if you can't get the dogg
- Could be good to add country so you know what dogs yo can get easily
- Ends up with a bunch of open tabs, not clear how to get back after quiz results
- A couple mode (or a family mode)
- Add dog strength
- Add share your results section to results page
- Email results
- Hyperallogenic
- Performance improvements sugested by AI
- SEO improvement suggested by AI
- Write results to db for analytics

Commit message:

:rocket: add card flicking animation to desktop

TODO.md, after:

# Unsorted

# Sorted

- [BLOCKED] Change min and max to not just make sense in the context of a question (as we want to add them to the breed page)
- [BLOCKED] Add min and max to the tooltips on the breed page.
- [BLOCKED] `Family Affection Level`. Do we need the `Level`? Aren't these all levels? Might want to standardise this
- `/n ` should be `/n`
- Add a Conversion event for completing the quiz, and donating and maybe some other things
- Make open source
- Set up adverts
- Share on socials
- Mobile: “Most popular dogs this week” > change so it just shows the dog card + you can flick across to see the most popular dogs one at a time Add the little circles underneath so you can see how many there are. Remove the main dog
- Desktop: Results page: Add 1st 2nd 3rd rosettes to the dog cards once flipped over (not needed for mobile version, probably will look too cluttered)
- Desktop: Results page: Add “Click the card to learn more” to the dog cards (See new Figma design) (only on results page)
- Add filters to dog directory
- Mobile: Visual, Dogs seem to load slowly?
- Add mobile nav menu
- Desktop: Dog directory: Add viewing options for 12/50/100 dogs
- Add image options to dog directory
- Add sort option to dog directory
- Add option for large dog images on dog directory
- Add list option to dog directory
- Add confetti to results page
- Add 3d hover effect to the reveal cards
- Clicking dogmatch quiz when on results should probably reset it
- It's not clear that you can edit your answers or how to do that
- For Vocal question. Could be phrased like (how much noise can you put up with)
- Add 'swoop' to tournament images
- Mobile: Consider numbering the questions? (See new Figma design)
- Add arrows to quiz navigation buttons (and breeds pagination buttons)
- Undo button for visual quiz if you select wrongly
- Add some photos to accompany the multi choice questions
- Add image scroll buttons to dog card
- Add enter to search to go to directory
- Add learn more to about
- Add pagination to weekly dogs
- Add short name and long name, fix the names we broke recently by making them shorter
- Update generic page design (T&Cs PP), based on the one in the Figma (add the same blue background strip + pawprint (to match the dog pages))
- Search button on breeds page is too light and small (Lien)
- Mobile: dog page: Split up the boxes more (see Figma)
- Desktop: Dog page: Can we have a swiping animation when you click the arrow to see more dogs?
- Mobile: Dog page: You may also like: should swipe across to see more dogs (not just by clicking the circles)
- Add 'qualities you value most' and 'favourite dog looks' to results page
- Implement key contributors to score in the dog row (currently shows characteristics)

# Ideas

- Add something to explain what the groups are in the tooltip
- Add a labradoodle
- Could do visuals based on lest favourite
- Add data on the price of the dog
- Add an item for how smelly the dog is
- Should have a section on the difficulties of the dog. Some of the key considerations and issues and warnings
- What's the point in doing this if you can't get the dogg
- Could be good to add country so you know what dogs yo can get easily
- Ends up with a bunch of open tabs, not clear how to get back after quiz results
- A couple mode (or a family mode)
- Add dog strength
- Add share your results section to results page
- Email results
- Hyperallogenic
- Performance improvements sugested by AI
- SEO improvement suggested by AI
- Write results to db for analytics
